Add fellow Shuo Liu (#834)
iris-hep/iris-hep.github.io: pages/fellows/shuoliu.md

---
layout: fellow
pagetype: fellow
shortname: shuoliu
permalink: /fellows/shuoliu.html
fellow-name: Shuo Liu
title: Shuo Liu - IRIS-HEP Fellow
active: true
dates:
  start: 2021-05-20
  end: 2021-08-20
photo: /assets/images/team/shuoliu.png
institution: Columbia University in the City of New York
website:
e-mail: sl4921@columbia.edu
project_title: Histograms Using Numba
project_goal: >

>     Recent developments in Scikit-HEP libraries have enabled efﬁcient histogramming powered by boost-histogram and ﬁtting into a larger ecosystem of users. Numba is a high-performance Python compiler that uses the industry-standard LLVM compiler library. To enable a fully Numba-enabled event loop for analyses, histogramming step needs to be implemented. In this summer, I will investigate ways to enable boost-histogram’s histogramming ﬁll from inside the LLVM Numba loop without stepping through Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Recent developments in Scikit-HEP libraries have enabled efficient histogramming powered by boost-histogram and fitting into a larger ecosystem of users. Numba is a high-performance Python compiler that uses the industry-standard LLVM compiler library. To enable a fully Numba-enabled event loop for analyses, histogramming step needs to be implemented. In this summer, I will investigate ways to enable boost-histogram’s histogramming fill from inside the LLVM Numba loop without stepping through Python.
```

mentors:

>   - Henry Schreiner (Princeton University)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - henryiii
```
